Removed refs to unit tests (#47)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/developers/integration.md

### Setup and Resources

::: tip Required Tooling
* [`@eth-optimism/plugins`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@eth-optimism/plugins) 
* [`hardhat`](https://hardhat.org/getting-started/)

> Since your OVM-compatible contracts require Optimism's custom `solc` compiler, you'll be using Optimism's `@eth-optimism/plugins` package, which gives you access to both the custom compiler and a custom OVM-compatible version of `ethers`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since your OVM-compatible contracts require Optimism's custom Solidity compiler, you'll be using Optimism's `@eth-optimism/plugins` package.
This package makes it easy to compile contracts and deploy them to an Optimistic Ethereum network. 
```

> Currently, we're pausing maintenance for `@eth-optimism/plugins` and instead focusing most of our internal development efforts on _integration tests_ against the OVM using [`optimism-integration`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism-integration), a set of docker containers that provides a local instance of Optimistic Ethereum. 

Reviewer: > Currently, we're pausing maintenance for `@eth-optimism/plugins`

Not entirely correct -- we're basically just cutting down the scope of the plugins so that it just handles compilation. But the rest is true that you'll need to use `optimism-integration` to spin everything up for now.
